Most people wouldn't
even dare to touch Northern spies' money.
I guess you really needed money.
I'm…
I'm so sorry. Please spare me.
Do you want to live?
Then from now on,
manage and keep an eye on the hostages.
Pardon?
You mean,
me?
What? Do you not want to?
I wasn't giving you a choice.
I was ordering you.
I had an older sister.
She was smart enough for the country
to send her abroad to study.
So my parents treated me
like some good-for-nothing.
They only…
cared about my sister.
But when she was in Germany,
a Northern spy--
A North Korean persuaded her to join them.
Then while she was questioned
for espionage, she died.
My dad collapsed because of the shock
and has been in the hospital
for seven years.
So if I help you
and end up getting arrested
for espionage too…
No one outside the dorm will ever find out
that you've helped us. Don't worry.
But the kids will know.
Well…
As I said, don't worry.
To show that I appreciate
the value of your labor…
Comrade Joo.
Give her ten years' salary all at once.
This will
keep you safe.
No one outside the dorm will ever find out
that you've helped us. Don't worry.
She must be planning to kill all of them.
If
I don't accept this offer…
I'm sure she'll kill me.
Hey, is Jang Han-na not here yet?
What's taking her so long?
She left there ages ago!
Why isn't she here yet?
Do you want to die?
-Do you? I'll kill you!
-No, sir.